hi guys it's me I just wanted to do a
quick outfit of the day I'm about to
head to work and I just wanted to show
you what I'm wearing on my face and my
clothes so to start off on my face for
my eyes I am using all four colors from
this L'Oreal palette
it's called bronzes so it looks like
this i got this from a ritzy reruns for
three dollars i'm not exactly sure how
much it is in the drugstore but i used
all four of these on my eyes today then
i added a little bit of i think it's the
max of factor Max Factor liner I didn't
want to use my liquid liner today or my
gel for my blush I'm wearing my cream
blush from ELF it's in the color
seductress and it looks like that it's a
really nice rosy color it's more of a
mousse than a cream I would think and I
used it with my stipple brush and for my
perfume today I'm wearing harajuku
lovers and the one that's called love
and I'm just like this is very old but I
do still have some in there so it smells
really good and then for my outfit I'm
just wearing my hair down and I'm gonna
put some earrings and probably just some
studs but for my outfit I am wearing
this really cute purple Cardian that I
got from I believe it was from selective
seconds but I'm not completely sure I
didn't get it from one of the
consignment shops either it steamer once
I couldn't select a second
it's American Eagle it's brand new and
it is a purple really soft has buttons
underneath I'm wearing a shirt that I
also got from selective seconds that was
brand new the tags are still on it and
it is from originally route 21 I believe
but I thought it paired really nicely
with it and then underneath I'm wearing
a lace cami so for my jeans I'm wearing
jeans to work today because if we donate
a dollar to Juvenile Diabetes Research
Fund we could go ahead and wear jeans so
these are the jeans I'm wearing they're
my Hollister jeans and my shoes it's a
little spinner up before are showing my
shoes just looks like that and then for
my shoes I have on these ones I got
these from Marshalls they are from the
brand wanted
and they have a cute little bow on the
top of them they're kind of like those
flats that you can fold up and put in
your purse on the go
but they're really comfortable so that's
my outfit of the day and I hope you guys
enjoyed thanks for watching